docs: Explain exit code 2 (#5049)
canonical/cloud-init: doc/rtd/explanation/return_codes.rst

quite verbose.

.. _return_codes_pain_points:

Pain points
-----------

1) Invalid configurations were historically ignored.
2) Log verbosity is unfriendly to end users that may not know
   what to look for. Verbose logs means users often ignore real
   errors.
3) Cloud-init's reported status was only capable of telling the user
   whether cloud-init crashed. Cloud-init would report a status of
   "done" in the following cases:

   * a user's configuration was invalid
   * if the operating system or cloud environment experienced some error that
     prevented cloud-init from configuring the instance
   * if cloud-init internally experienced an error - all of these previously
     reported a status of "done".

.. _return_codes_improvements:

Efforts to improve cloud-init
-----------------------------

Several changes have been introduced to cloud-init to address the pain
points described above.

Jsonschema
^^^^^^^^^^

Cloud-init has defined a jsonschema which fully documents the user-data
cloud-config. This jsonschema may be used in several different ways:

Text editor integration
"""""""""""""""""""""""

Thanks to `yaml-language-server`_, cloud-init's jsonschema may be

> used for yaml syntax checking, warnings when invalid keys are used, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used for YAML syntax checking, warnings when invalid keys are used, and
```

autocompletion. Several different text editors are capable of this.
See this `blog post on configuring this for neovim`_, or for VScode one

> may just install the `extension`_ and then a file named cloud-config.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can install the `extension`_ and then a file named ``cloud-config.yaml``
```

> will automatically use cloud-init's jsonschema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will automatically use cloud-init's JSON schema.
```

Cloud-init schema subcommand
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

The cloud-init package includes a cloud-init subcommand,
:ref:`cloud-init schema<check_user_data_cloud_config>` which uses the schema
to validate either the configuration passed to the instance that you are
running the command on, or to validate an arbitrary text file containing a
configuration.

Return codes
^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Cloud-init historically used two return codes from the `cloud-init status`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud-init historically used two return codes from the :code:`cloud-init status`
```
